[GSProcessing] BERT Tokenizer (#700)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/gs-processing/usage/distributed-processing-setup.rst

tag and other aspects of the build. See ``bash docker/build_gsprocessing_image.sh --help``
for more information.

For EMR Serverless images, setting up a VPC and NAT route is a necessary step when using text data feature transformation.
You can find detailed instructions on creating a VPC for EMR Serverless in the AWS documentation: `Create a VPC on emr-serverless
<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/EMR-Serverless-UserGuide/vpc-access.html>`_.
Alternatively, there is one easier way to do that, you can opt to include the huggingface model cache directly in your Docker image.
The build_gsprocessing_image.sh script provides an option to embed the huggingface bert model cache within the Docker image.

.. code-block:: bash

>     bash docker/build_gsprocessing_image.sh --environment emr-serverless --model-name bert-base-uncased

Reviewer: Actually I think it should be OK to pre-install the models on SageMaker images as well right? We should change/move this section to reflect that.

tag and other aspects of the build. See ``bash docker/build_gsprocessing_image.sh --help``
for more information.

> For EMR Serverless images, setting up a VPC and NAT route is a necessary step when using text data feature transformation.
> You can find detailed instructions on creating a VPC for EMR Serverless in the AWS documentation: `Create a VPC on emr-serverless
> <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/EMR-Serverless-UserGuide/vpc-access.html>`_.
> Alternatively, there is one easier way to do that, you can opt to include the huggingface model cache directly in your Docker image.
> It is available for both SageMaker docker image and EMR-serverless docker image. It is a good way to save cost as it avoids downloading when launching the clusters.
> The build_gsprocessing_image.sh script provides an option to embed the huggingface bert model cache within the Docker image.

Reviewer: Let's lead the text with the easier option.
```suggestion
If you plan to use text transformations that utilize Huggingface model, you can opt to include the Huggingface model cache directly in your Docker image.
The build_gsprocessing_image.sh script provides an option to embed the huggingface bert model cache within the Docker image, using the `--hf-model` argument.
You can do this for both the SageMaker docker image and EMR Serverless docker image. It is a good way to save cost as it avoids downloading models after launching the job.
If you'd rather download the Huggingface models at runtime, for EMR Serverless images, setting up a VPC and NAT route is a necessary.
You can find detailed instructions on creating a VPC for EMR Serverless in the AWS documentation: `Create a VPC on emr-serverless
<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/EMR-Serverless-UserGuide/vpc-access.html>`_.

```
